# CharacterBox
Character Box became my app because I am a TV show fanatic, and nothing is more frustrating for me than trying to tell my friends about an actor or character but blanking on their name and saying "yer man" over and over hoping they'll read my mind and know the person. So, I wanted to make an app where the user could make character cards to store the names of actors and the characters that they play, to relieve some frustration in those moments. The user can make cards and the cards include the actor's name, the character's name, and an image, and the user can also edit these cards in case they made mistakes in the creation of the card. It's similar to IMDb in but in mobile app form, and you can't search, only manually enter data. I think it's useful for people who are passionate about movies and TV shows, so they can keep track of their favourite characters and the people who play them. It's also useful for people who are bad with remembering names, and putting names to faces, to have an app where they can enter people they like or dislike, to use as a reference in conversation to help them.

Overall, I think the app is useful, but very simple. The features are simple, a button to add a card, two text fields to enter the names, an add image button, and a create button which changes to save when editing the card. The app doesn't pull from an external API, although this had been suggested to me. I had considered adding a search function to the actor field, as you can't search a character from The Movie Database (TMDb), and having the character field become a dropdown menu where the characters that that actor had played were displayed to choose from. It would also pull down an image of the actor with this data. I decided not to do it because I couldn't figure out how to implement that in my code within the window of time given, so I chose to keep the simplified version of the app. 
I think the simple design is a good thing though, there is no crazy font or clashing colours which was how I wanted my app to be. I think this simple layout works for non-English speakers too, as the add button is just a plus sign. The blue that I chose was very intentional, as blue-yellow colour blindness is a lot less common that red-green colour blindness. I would have liked to pick a colour that would have been fine for both groups, but I was having trouble finding one that would work for both. In the future I think I would do more research in to colours and fonts to make the app more accessible for people who are colour blind, dyslexic, and older as our font size is not very big. I like the card layout that the app has, I think it's simple but also easy to navigate for users and to find the person that they are looking for. 

I think some concerns I have with the app is that the data persistence is just writing to a JSON file, I think there could be better, more secure ways to store user's data, such as cloud based storage solutions like Firebase. I think also in terms of our object model that maybe there is a more efficient model that could be used to make the app run more efficiently and be more easily maintained when passed from developer to developer.

If I was to continue with this app, I would make it so that the cards are the names of TV shows/movies and then within them contain the list of characters and actors that are currently available within the app. I think this would be helpful, so the person can just search the TV show/movie and find the character instead of looking through characters from a lot of other TV shows/movies. It would also be pleasing for people who enjoy organisation and keeping things in their designated folders rather than the slightly chaotic "no one has a designated place" design we've got going on right now. Of course, in the future I would also implement the search function to be able to pull data from an external API to make things easier for the users, instead of having to type it all in themselves, can just search an actor and pick the character from a dropdown menu. And the same for the TV show/movie, to search for it and then pull down the name, a description, and poster of the TV show/movie. I would also like to have different language options on the app, even though I stated above that the simple layout is in favour of non-English speakers, I think that if the app had language options to change the titles of the fields and buttons, it could make it more accessible to non-English speakers, or people who prefer to use their own language than English. 


